update docstring (#122)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu: doc/devices.rst

    comm = MPI.COMM_WORLD
    rank = comm.Get_rank()
    n_wires = 20
    n_layers = 2
  
    dev = qml.device('lightning.gpu', wires= n_wires, mpi=True)
    @qml.qnode(dev, diff_method="adjoint")
    def circuit_adj(weights):
        qml.StronglyEntanglingLayers(weights, wires=list(range(n_wires)))
        return qml.math.hstack([qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(n_wires)])
  
    if rank == 0:
        params = np.random.random(qml.StronglyEntanglingLayers.shape(n_layers=n_layers, n_wires=n_wires))
    else:
        params = None
  
    params = comm.bcast(params, root=0)
    jac = qml.jacobian(circuit_adj)(params)

If users aim to handle larger system sizes with limited hardware resources, the memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support is more appropriate. The memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support employs a single ``bra`` object that is reused for all observables.
This approach results in a notable reduction in the required GPU memory when dealing with a large number of observables. However, it's important to note that the reduction in memory requirement may come at the expense of slower execution due to the multiple ``ket`` updates per gate operation.

> To enable the memory-optimized adjoint method wiht MPI support, ``batch_obs`` should be set as ``True`` and the workflow follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support, ``batch_obs`` should be set as ``True`` and the workflow follows:
```

Author: Done! Thanks

**Multi-GPU/multi-node support:**

> The ``lightning.gpu`` device allows users to leverage the computational power of multi-node and multi-GPUs for running large-scale simulations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``lightning.gpu`` device allows users to leverage the computational power of many GPUs sitting on separate nodes for running large-scale simulations. 
```

Author: Updated!

> Provided that NVIDIA cuQuantum libraries, a ``CUDA-aware MPI`` library and ``mpi4py`` are properly installed and the path to the ``libmpi.so`` is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided that NVIDIA `cuQuantum <https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuquantum/custatevec/distributed_index_bit_swap.html>`_ libraries, a ``CUDA-aware MPI`` library and ``mpi4py`` are properly installed and the path to the ``libmpi.so`` is 
```

Author: Nice catch!

> added to the ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH`` environment variable, the following requirements should be met to enable multi-node and multi-GPUs simulations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
added to the ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH`` environment variable, the following requirements should be met to enable multi-node and multi-GPU simulations:
```

Author: Done!

> 1. Both total number of MPI processes and MPI processes per node must be the same and a power of 2. For example, 2, 4, 8, 16, etc.. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Both the total number of MPI processes and MPI processes per node must be powers of 2. For example, 2, 4, 8, 16, etc.
```

Author: Done!

> 2. Each MPI process is responsible for managing one GPU. Each MPI process is responsible for managing one GPU for the moment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Each MPI process is responsible for managing one GPU.
```

Author: Done!

Reviewer: Done, but no pushed yet, right?

Reviewer: I think this could be fused with the point above.

> 3. The ``mpi`` keyword argument should be set as ``True`` when initializing a ``lightning.gpu`` device.

Reviewer: I think this should go at the top of the list.

Author: updated

The workflow for the multi-node/GPUs feature is as follows:

.. code-block:: python

    from mpi4py import MPI
    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device('lightning.gpu', wires=8, mpi=True)
    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit_mpi():
      qml.PauliX(wires=[0])
      return qml.state()

>     local_state_vector = circuit_mpi()

Reviewer 2: Can we use 4 spaces for indenting the Python code here?

Author: Done!

> Currently, a ``lightning.gpu`` device with multi-node and multi-GPUs backend supports all the ``gate operations`` and ``observables`` that a ``lightning.gpu`` device with a single GPU/node backend supports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, a ``lightning.gpu`` device with the MPI multi-GPU backend supports all the ``gate operations`` and ``observables`` that a ``lightning.gpu`` device with a single GPU/node backend supports.
```

Author: Done!

> Currently, a ``lightning.gpu`` device with multi-node and multi-GPUs backend supports all the ``gate operations`` and ``observables`` that a ``lightning.gpu`` device with a single GPU/node backend supports.

Reviewer: I feel like it's not necessary to mention "multi-node and multi-GPUs" everywhere, and single GPU implies single node.
```suggestion
Currently, multi-node ``lightning.gpu`` devices support all the ``gate operations`` and ``observables`` that a single-GPU ``lightning.gpu`` device does.
```

By default, each MPI process will return the overall simulation results, except for the ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods. Each MPI process will only return the local simulation

> results for the ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods to avoid buffer overflow. It will be the users' responsibity to ensure the safety of data collection for those two methods. Here are examples of collecting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results for the ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods to avoid buffer overflow. It will be the users' responsibility to ensure the safety of data collection for those two methods. Here are examples of collecting
```

Author: Nice spot.

> By default, each MPI process will return the overall simulation results, except for the ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods. Each MPI process will only return the local simulation
> results for the ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods to avoid buffer overflow. It will be the users' responsibity to ensure the safety of data collection for those two methods. Here are examples of collecting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each MPI process will return the overall simulation results, except for the ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods for which each MPI process only returns the local simulation
results to avoid buffer overflow. It is the user's responsibility to ensure correct data collection for those two methods. Here are examples of collecting
```

Author: Updated

the local simulation results for ``qml.state()`` and ``qml.prob()`` methods:

The workflow for collecting local state vector (using the ``qml.state()`` method) to ``rank 0`` is as follows:

.. code-block:: python

    from mpi4py import MPI
    import pennylane as qml
    comm = MPI.COMM_WORLD
    rank = comm.Get_rank() 
    dev = qml.device('lightning.gpu', wires=8, mpi=True)
    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit_mpi():
      qml.PauliX(wires=[0])
      return qml.state()
    local_state_vector = circuit_mpi()
    #rank 0 will collect the local state vector

>     state_vector = comm.gather(local_state_vector, root=0)

Reviewer 2: Can we use 4 spaces for indenting the Python code here?

Author: Done!

>     state_vector = comm.gather(local_state_vector, root=0)

Reviewer: Since in general we won't be able to gather on one node, we may eventually show users to write it to a HDF5 file (maybe even with MPI-IO). But that's for later :D

Author: good point.

Author: Let's do it later.

    if rank == 0:
      print(state_vector)
    
The workflow for collecting local probability (using the ``qml.prob()`` method) to ``rank 0`` is as follows:

.. code-block:: python
    
    from mpi4py import MPI
    import pennylane as qml
    import numpy as np

    comm = MPI.COMM_WORLD
    rank = comm.Get_rank()
    dev = qml.device('lightning.gpu', wires=8, mpi=True)
    prob_wires = [0, 1]

    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def mpi_circuit():
      qml.Hadamard(wires=1)
      return qml.probs(wires=prob_wires)

    local_probs = mpi_circuit()
 
    #For data collection across MPI processes.
    recv_counts = comm.gather(len(local_probs),root=0)
    if rank == 0:
      probs = np.zeros(2**len(prob_wires))
    else:
      probs = None

    comm.Gatherv(local_probs,[probs,recv_counts],root=0)
    if rank == 0:

>       print(probs)

Reviewer 2: Can we use 4 spaces for indenting the Python code here?

Then the python script can be executed with the following command:

.. code-block:: console
    
    $ mpirun -np 4 python yourscript.py

> Furthermore, users can optimize the performance of their applications by allocating the appropriate amount of GPU memory for MPI operations with the ``mpi_buf_size`` keyword argument. To allocate ``n`` megabytes (MB) of GPU memory for MPI operations, initialize a ``lightning.gpu`` device with the ``mpi_buf_size=n`` keyword argument, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, users can optimize the performance of their applications by allocating the appropriate amount of GPU memory for MPI operations with the ``mpi_buf_size`` keyword argument. To allocate ``n`` mebibytes (MiB, `2^20` bytes) of GPU memory for MPI operations, initialize a ``lightning.gpu`` device with the ``mpi_buf_size=n`` keyword argument, as follows:
```

> Furthermore, users can optimize the performance of their applications by allocating appropriate amount of GPU memory for MPI operation with the ``mpi_buf_size`` keyword argument. To allocate ``n`` megabytes (MB) of GPU memory for MPI operations, initialize a ``lightning.gpu`` device with the ``mpi_buf_size=n`` keyword argument, as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, users can optimize the performance of their applications by allocating the appropriate amount of GPU memory for MPI operations with the ``mpi_buf_size`` keyword argument. To allocate ``n`` megabytes (MB) of GPU memory for MPI operations, initialize a ``lightning.gpu`` device with the ``mpi_buf_size=n`` keyword argument, as follows:
```

Author: Done!

> Furthermore, users can optimize the performance of their applications by allocating appropriate amount of GPU memory for MPI operation with the ``mpi_buf_size`` keyword argument. To allocate ``n`` megabytes (MB) of GPU memory for MPI operations, initialize a ``lightning.gpu`` device with the ``mpi_buf_size=n`` keyword argument, as follows:

Reviewer 2: Is this value now accepting megabytes? Is there an API specific call that sets the scaling on this? Also, what is the default we use again? I assume also we are in MB, and not MiB (mebibyte)? 

In other words, are we scaling the value by 10^6, or are we scaling it so the overall value after sending to the C++ layer is a power of two?

Author: Yes, this value is in MB (megabytes) now and we scale this value by 10^6 at the cpp layer here [.](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/blob/c1544a96ca7dc044623a3e2cc315fa3a9dad8ea7/pennylane_lightning_gpu/src/simulator/MPIWorker.hpp#L37).

Author: ohhh, it's in mebibytes thanks! Just updated it.

.. code-block:: python

    from mpi4py import MPI
    import pennylane as qml
    n = 8
    dev = qml.device("lightning.gpu", wires=20, mpi=True, mpi_buf_size=n)

Note the value of ``mpi_buf_size`` should also be a power of ``2``. Remember to carefully manage the ``mpi_buf_size`` parameter, taking into account the available GPU memory and the memory 
requirements of the local state vector, to prevent memory overflow issues and ensure optimal performance. By default (``mpi_buf_size=0``), the GPU memory allocated for MPI operations 

> will match the size of the local state vector, with a limit of ``64 MB``. Please be aware that a runtime warning will occur if the local GPU memory buffer for MPI operations exceeds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will match the size of the local state vector, with a limit of ``64 MiB``. Please be aware that a runtime warning will occur if the local GPU memory buffer for MPI operations exceeds
```

the GPU memory allocated to the local state vector.

**Multi-GPU/multi-node support for adjoint method:**

> The ``lightning.gpu`` device with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend also directly supports the `adjoint differentiation method <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_adjoint_diff.html>`__. Instead of batching observables across the multiple GPUs available within a node, the state vector is distributed among the aviable GPUs with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``lightning.gpu`` device with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend also directly supports the `adjoint differentiation method <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_adjoint_diff.html>`__. Instead of batching observables across the multiple GPUs available within a node, the state vector is distributed among the available GPUs with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend.
```

Author: Updated.

> The ``lightning.gpu`` device with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend also directly supports the `adjoint differentiation method <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_adjoint_diff.html>`__. Instead of batching observables across the multiple GPUs available within a node, the state vector is distributed among the aviable GPUs with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``lightning.gpu`` device with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend also directly supports the `adjoint differentiation method <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_adjoint_diff.html>`__. Instead of batching observables across the multiple GPUs available within a node, the state vector is distributed among the available GPUs with the multi-GPU/multi-node backend.
```

By default, the adjoint method with MPI support follows the performance-oriented implementation of the single GPU backend. This means that a separate ``bra`` is created for each observable and the ``ket`` is updated only once for each operation, regardless of the number of observables.

The workflow for the default adjoint method with MPI support is as follows:

.. code-block:: python
    
    from mpi4py import MPI
    import pennylane as qml
    from pennylane import numpy as np
  
    comm = MPI.COMM_WORLD
    rank = comm.Get_rank()
    n_wires = 20
    n_layers = 2
  
    dev = qml.device('lightning.gpu', wires= n_wires, mpi=True)
    @qml.qnode(dev, diff_method="adjoint")
    def circuit_adj(weights):
      qml.StronglyEntanglingLayers(weights, wires=list(range(n_wires)))
      return qml.math.hstack([qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(i)) for i in range(n_wires)])
  
    if rank == 0:
      params = np.random.random(qml.StronglyEntanglingLayers.shape(n_layers=n_layers, n_wires=n_wires))
    else:
      params = None
  
    params = comm.bcast(params, root=0)

>     jac = qml.jacobian(circuit_adj)(params)

Reviewer 2: Can we use 4 spaces for indenting the Python code here?

> If users aim to handle larger system with limited hardware resources, the memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support is more appropriate. The memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support employs a single ``bra`` object that is reused for all observables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If users aim to handle larger system sizes with limited hardware resources, the memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support is more appropriate. The memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support employs a single ``bra`` object that is reused for all observables.
```

Author: Done!

> If users aim to handle larger system with limited hardware resources, the memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support is more appropriate. The memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support employs a single ``bra`` object that is reused for all observables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If users aim to handle larger systems with limited hardware resources, the memory-optimized adjoint method with MPI support is more appropriate. The method employs a single ``bra`` object that is reused for all observables.
```
